feat: Add configurable output for logging (#103)
espressif/esp-stub-lib: CMakeLists.txt

    set(ESP_TARGET_LIB ${ESP_TARGET}-${STUB_COMMAND})
endif()

# Optional defs from the parent (e.g. flasher-stub) plus STUB_LOG options; forwarded to parent at end.

> if(DEFINED STUB_COMPILE_DEFS)

Reviewer: How about setting log options in your application and then you can remove all codes below. 
We enabled logs from OpenOCD stub code. 

```cmake
set_property(GLOBAL PROPERTY COMMAND_MACROS:cmd_test_all
    //...
    STUB_LOG_ENABLED
    STUB_LIB_LOG_BUF
    STUB_LIB_LOG_BUF_SIZE=8192
    STUB_LIB_LOG_LEVEL=STUB_LOG_LEVEL_D
)

# and then set  "STUB_COMPILE_DEFS"

get_property(COMMAND_DEFINES GLOBAL PROPERTY COMMAND_MACROS:${COMMAND})
    set(STUB_COMPILE_DEFS "${COMMAND_DEFINES}; ${ESP_TARGET_NAME}")
    if(ESP_TARGET IN_LIST RISCV_TARGETS)
        set(STUB_COMPILE_DEFS "${STUB_COMPILE_DEFS}; STUB_ARCH_RISCV")
    elseif(ESP_TARGET IN_LIST XTENSA_TARGETS)
        set(STUB_COMPILE_DEFS "${STUB_COMPILE_DEFS}; STUB_ARCH_XTENSA")
    endif()
```

    list(APPEND srcs src/log_common.c)

    if(STUB_LIB_LOG_UART IN_LIST STUB_COMPILE_DEFS)

>         if("STUB_LIB_LOG_TO_USB_SERIAL_JTAG=1" IN_LIST STUB_COMPILE_DEFS)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    if(STUB_LIB_LOG_UART IN_LIST STUB_COMPILE_DEFS)
        list(APPEND srcs src/log_uart.c)
    elseif(STUB_LIB_LOG_USJ IN_LIST STUB_COMPILE_DEFS)
        list(APPEND srcs src/log_usj.c)
    else()
        # STUB_LIB_LOG_BUF is the default
        if(NOT STUB_LIB_LOG_BUF IN_LIST STUB_COMPILE_DEFS)
            list(APPEND STUB_COMPILE_DEFS STUB_LIB_LOG_BUF)
        endif()
        list(APPEND srcs src/log_buf.c)
    endif()
```

Reviewer: `-DSTUB_LIB_LOG_UART` and `-DSTUB_LIB_LOG_USJ` would be better.
